>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
I know you are eagerly awaiting
the solution to this exercise.
[SOUND] All right, let's jump in and
talk about the solution to async/await.
We want to request all of
the files concurrently.
So we definitely are gonna need to make
three separate getFile calls, right?
If we call getFile(files[0]),
and getFile(files[1]),
and getFile(files[2]).
That would request them concurrently.
But do we wanna get their responses back?
Of course, we need to get some response.
So if we were to say something like,
text1 = await getFile.
And then we have the same
thing on the other two lines.
>> Kyle Simpson: Then what would be
happening here is we would not be
requesting the second file until
after the first file finished.
So that would fail our concurrency thing.
So we don't wanna do our awaits if we
want things to happen concurrently.
So let's take the awaits out.
And if I take those awaits out,
then these are not text anymore.
These are the promises
that are coming back.
So this would be like pr1 and pr2 and pr3.
Well now that looks super like redundant,
like, why am I calling that over and over?
Why don't I, if I have a list of my files,
I should just do something like,
maybe in a map.
If I mapped my list of files
into a list of promises.
So I could say prs,
the promises, = files.map.
And I need a function that will
turn the string into a promise.
And that function is getFile.
So getFile is our mapper function.
So now I have an array of three promises.
All the requests have gone out.
And now I need to print them
as soon as possible, but
I need to print them in order.
So I can simply do for (let pr of prs).
So loop over the promises array.
And for each promise I can say,
console.log(await pr).
So now it's okay for the promise await for
the await to block on the promise,
because we do want then to
print out sequentially.
One thing that you may have wondered,
if you were working with this for loop.
Since we used a map here you might have
thought to yourself, well, you know,
could I use a for each?
So you might've tried to do
something like prs.forEach, and
then had a function here that,
you know, called output.
That gets a pr and
then console logs the await of that pr.
Did anyone try that approach?
>> Kyle Simpson: This
was my natural instinct.
If I'm gonna use a .map,
why not go ahead and
try to use some other functional
iterator like a .for each.
Except there's a problem here.
And if you try it you'll
get a syntax error,
because the await keyword can't show
up inside of a regular function.
In just a few minutes, we'll talk about
possible other strategies for that.
But that's why we needed
to use a regular for loop,
is because we can't use the await
keyword across that function boundary.